Why Arias_bot? Due to growing harassment on the Twitch platform, and impunity for toxic online behavior, pooling the efforts of moderation communities will create a slightly healthier space. The original idea came from RebeuDeter. This project started as a way to train me to code, manage a BDD and make requests to APIs. Never finishing my projects, I promise to finish this one.

How do I connect and be part of the network? Simply download the "Connect with Twitch" button on the home page, no login or password required. The connection is made via Twitch.
How to withdraw from the network? Simply press the "Connect with Twitch" button on the home page, and then click the disconnect button. Arias_bot actions will then be removed, your data will be processed.

What can Arias_bot do on my channel? Arias_bot can only get your users banned, banish users and debunk users. Arias_bot can also get your public data from Twitch. Nothing more.
Does Arias_bot filter my cat? No Arias_bot does not read your cat or ban directly from your cat. Moderation is the sole responsibility of your moderation team. In short, Arias_bot brings together all the moderation teams of the network members.
What data is stored by Arias_bot? Arias_bot has a database with users banned from each channel as well as your public/private information from twitch after authentication, namely your channel name, channel id, access and refresh tokens.

When the bot applies the banishments on my channel? The bot updates user accounts banned on member channels every day at 5:00 UTC+0.
Are all bans shared even timeout/temporary? Not for the moment only the permanent so serious bans are shared. In the future you can filter the chosen bans.
Are temporary bans shared? No, only permanent bans are shared. In the future Arias_bot will incorporate them and will be filterable.
What happens if I missclick a banishment, troll ban, banish an innocent user? Banishments are shared every day at 5am UTC+0. You therefore have a large window of time in case of error of your par.
What happens if I debunk a user? This user will be a network unban and thus a network member channel. However, if this same user has been banned by another member of the network he will remain banned.
Do I need to specify the reason for my bans? No, bans are traced and indicated as coming from your chain. In the future, bans do not have reasons/comments for banning to be filter to your care.
Can we filter bans by reason? No, in the future yes, this is a feature in development. For the moment only permanent and therefore serious bans are shared.


How can I trust this third-party application? You can’t completely, Arias_bot is the most transparent project possible. With an open source code, a complete F.A.Q and a Discord server we hope to give you confidence. Not being an expert in cybersecurity, I hope to have taken all the basic security measures.